Add Placement API topic (#3745)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/reference/environment/_index.md

| OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_INSECURE | OpenTelemetry Tracing | Sets the connection to the endpoint as unencrypted. (`true`, `false`) |
| OTEL_EXPORTER_OTLP_PROTOCOL | OpenTelemetry Tracing | The OTLP protocol to use Transport protocol. (`grpc`, `http/protobuf`, `http/json`) |
| DAPR_COMPONENTS_SOCKETS_FOLDER | Dapr runtime and the .NET, Go, and Java pluggable component SDKs | The location or path where Dapr looks for Pluggable Components Unix Domain Socket files. If unset this location defaults to `/tmp/dapr-components-sockets` |
| DAPR_COMPONENTS_SOCKETS_EXTENSION | .NET and Java pluggable component SDKs | A per-SDK configuration that indicates the default file extension applied to socket files created by the SDKs. Not a Dapr-enforced behavior. |

> | DAPR_PLACEMENT_METADATA_ENABLED | Dapr placement | A placement service that exposes placement table information. Set to `true` to enable. [Learn more about the Placement API]({{< ref placement_api.md >}}) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| DAPR_PLACEMENT_METADATA_ENABLED | Dapr placement | Enable an endpoint for the Placement service that exposes placement table information on actor usage. Set to `true` to enable. [Learn more about the Placement API]({{< ref placement_api.md >}}) |
```

> | DAPR_PLACEMENT_METADATA_ENABLED | Dapr placement | Enable an endpoint for the Placement service that exposes placement table information on actor usage. Set to `true` to enable. [Learn more about the Placement API]({{< ref placement_api.md >}}) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| DAPR_PLACEMENT_METADATA_ENABLED | Dapr placement | Enable an endpoint for the Placement service that exposes placement table information on actor usage. Set to `true` to enable in self-hosted mode. [Learn more about the Placement API]({{< ref placement_api.md >}}) |
```
